Add `text-ranking` pipeline tag (#1267)
huggingface/huggingface.js: packages/tasks/src/tasks/text-ranking/about.md

> ## Use Cases 🔍

Reviewer: Thanks a lot for adding this 💗

### Information Retrieval

You can improve Information Retrieval search stacks by applying a Text Ranking model as a Reranker in the common "[Retrieve and Rerank pipeline](https://sbert.net/examples/applications/retrieve_rerank/README.html)". First, you can use a [Sentence Similarity](https://huggingface.co/tasks/sentence-similarity) model as a Retriever to find the (for example) 100 most relevant documents for a query. Afterwards, you can rerank each of these 100 documents with a Text Ranking model to select an updated top 10. Often times, this results in improved retrieval performance than only using a Retriever model.

## The Sentence Transformers library

The [Sentence Transformers](https://www.sbert.net/) library is very powerful for using and training both Sentence Transformer (a.k.a. embedding or retriever) models as well as Cross Encoder (a.k.a. reranker) models.

You can find and use [Sentence Transformers](https://huggingface.co/models?library=sentence-transformers&sort=downloads) models from the Hub by directly using the library, playing with the widgets in the browser or using Inference Endpoints.

## Task Variants

### Passage Ranking

> Passage Ranking is the task of ranking documents based on their relevance to a given query. The task is evaluated on Normalized Discounted Cumulative Gain, Mean Reciprocal Rank, or Mean Average Precision. These models take one query and multiple documents and return ranked documents according to the relevancy to the query. 📄

Reviewer 2: Maybe add links to the docs?

Author: I don't have great docs for this, but I've linked to the CrossEncoder usage docs in 49f7cd1770f2e75e0bd9a92f07c386d5fb0d11f7

You can use it via the Sentence Transformers library like so:

```python
from sentence_transformers import CrossEncoder

# 1. Load a pre-trained CrossEncoder model
model = CrossEncoder("cross-encoder/ms-marco-MiniLM-L6-v2")

> # 2a. Either: predict scores for a pair of sentences

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# 2a. Either: predict scores for all pairs of sentences involved in the query
```

Author: Resolved in 49f7cd1770f2e75e0bd9a92f07c386d5fb0d11f7

scores = model.predict([
    ("How many people live in Berlin?", "Berlin had a population of 3,520,031 registered inhabitants in an area of 891.82 square kilometers."),

>     ("How many people live in Berlin?", "Berlin is well known for its museums."),

Reviewer 2: Maybe add a couple more for symmetry with the rank example below?

print("Query:", query)
for rank in ranks:
    print(f"{rank['score']:.2f}\t{passages[rank['corpus_id']]}")
"""
Query: How many people live in Berlin?
8.92    The urban area of Berlin comprised about 4.1 million people in 2014, making it the seventh most populous urban area in the European Union.
8.61    Berlin had a population of 3,520,031 registered inhabitants in an area of 891.82 square kilometers.
8.24    An estimated 300,000-420,000 Muslims reside in Berlin, making up about 8-11 percent of the population.
7.60    In 2014, the city state Berlin had 37,368 live births (+6.6%), a record number since 1991.
6.35    In 2013 around 600,000 Berliners were registered in one of the more than 2,300 sport and fitness clubs.
5.42    Berlin has a yearly total of about 135 million day visitors, which puts it in third place among the most-visited city destinations in the European Union.
3.45    In 2015, the total labour force in Berlin was 1.85 million.
0.33    Berlin is subdivided into 12 boroughs or districts (Bezirke).
-4.24   The city of Paris had a population of 2,165,423 people within its administrative city limits as of January 1, 2019
-4.32   Berlin is well known for its museums.
"""

> ```

Reviewer 2: I suppose this will be faster, right?

Author: You mean the `model.rank` vs `model.predict`? No, the `model.rank` is just a more convenient interface to the model. They're equally fast.
